docs/api/observability.mdx, before:

# Observability API

KtrlPlane provides secure, multi-tenant proxy endpoints for accessing logs and metrics data from your resources.

## Overview

The observability endpoints allow you to query logs and metrics for resources within your projects. All requests are authenticated, authorized through RBAC, and automatically scoped to the correct organization tenant.

## Authentication

All observability endpoints require:
- Valid Auth0 JWT token in the `Authorization` header
- `read` permission on the project containing the resource

## Endpoints

### Logs

```http
GET /api/v1/projects/{projectId}/resources/{resourceId}/logs
```

Proxies log queries to Loki with automatic tenant scoping and resource filtering.

**Parameters:**
- `query` (string): LogQL query expression
- `start` (string): Start time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `end` (string): End time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `limit` (integer): Maximum number of log lines to return (default: 1000)

**Example:**
```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $JWT_TOKEN" \
  "https://api.ktrlplane.com/api/v1/projects/my-project/resources/my-resource/logs?query={level=\"error\"}&start=2025-01-27T10:00:00Z&end=2025-01-27T11:00:00Z&limit=100"
```

### Metrics

```http
GET /api/v1/projects/{projectId}/resources/{resourceId}/metrics/query_range
```

Proxies metrics queries to Mimir with automatic tenant scoping and resource filtering.

**Parameters:**
- `query` (string): PromQL query expression
- `start` (string): Start time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `end` (string): End time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `step` (string): Query step duration (e.g., "15s", "1m", "5m")

**Example:**
```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $JWT_TOKEN" \
  "https://api.ktrlplane.com/api/v1/projects/my-project/resources/my-resource/metrics/query_range?query=cpu_usage_percent&start=2025-01-27T10:00:00Z&end=2025-01-27T11:00:00Z&step=15s"
```

## Security & Multi-Tenancy

### RBAC Enforcement
- Users must have `read` permission on the project containing the resource
- Resource access is validated for each request
- Unauthorized requests return `403 Forbidden`

### Automatic Tenant Scoping
- All requests include the `X-Scope-OrgID` header for multi-tenancy
- Tenant ID is set to the project ID for project-level isolation
- Prevents cross-project data access

### Query Filtering
- **Logs**: LogQL queries are automatically prefixed with `{resource_id="resourceId"}`
- **Metrics**: PromQL queries are automatically filtered with `{resource_id="resourceId"}`
- Ensures users only see data from the requested resource

## Configuration

Enable observability backends in your `config.yaml`:

```yaml
observability:
  loki:
    enabled: true
    url: "http://loki-gateway:3100"
  mimir:
    enabled: true
    url: "http://mimir-gateway:8080"
```

## Environment Variables

- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_LOKI_ENABLED`: Enable Loki logging backend
- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_LOKI_URL`: Loki server URL
- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_MIMIR_ENABLED`: Enable Mimir metrics backend
- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_MIMIR_URL`: Mimir server URL

## Error Responses

- `401 Unauthorized`: Missing or invalid authentication token
- `403 Forbidden`: Insufficient permissions to access resource
- `404 Not Found`: Resource not found
- `502 Bad Gateway`: Backend observability service unavailable
- `503 Service Unavailable`: Observability backend not configured

## Backend Integration

The proxy forwards requests to:
- **Loki**: `/loki/api/v1/query_range` endpoint
- **Mimir**: `/prometheus/api/v1/query_range` endpoint

Both backends must support multi-tenancy via the `X-Scope-OrgID` header (set to project ID).

Commit message:

fix: Update API endpoints in documentation to reflect new domain

docs/api/observability.mdx, after:

---
title: "Observability API"
description: "Secure, multi-tenant proxy endpoints for logs and metrics in KtrlPlane."
---
# Observability API

KtrlPlane provides secure, multi-tenant proxy endpoints for accessing logs and metrics data from your resources.

## Overview

The observability endpoints allow you to query logs and metrics for resources within your projects. All requests are authenticated, authorized through RBAC, and automatically scoped to the correct organization tenant.

## Authentication

All observability endpoints require:
- Valid Auth0 JWT token in the `Authorization` header
- `read` permission on the project containing the resource

## Endpoints

### Logs

```http
GET /api/v1/projects/{projectId}/resources/{resourceId}/logs
```

Proxies log queries to Loki with automatic tenant scoping and resource filtering.

**Parameters:**
- `query` (string): LogQL query expression
- `start` (string): Start time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `end` (string): End time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `limit` (integer): Maximum number of log lines to return (default: 1000)

**Example:**
```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $JWT_TOKEN" \
  "https://ktrlplane.konnektr.io/api/v1/projects/my-project/resources/my-resource/logs?query={level=\"error\"}&start=2025-01-27T10:00:00Z&end=2025-01-27T11:00:00Z&limit=100"
```

### Metrics

```http
GET /api/v1/projects/{projectId}/resources/{resourceId}/metrics/query_range
```

Proxies metrics queries to Mimir with automatic tenant scoping and resource filtering.

**Parameters:**
- `query` (string): PromQL query expression
- `start` (string): Start time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `end` (string): End time (RFC3339 format or Unix timestamp)
- `step` (string): Query step duration (e.g., "15s", "1m", "5m")

**Example:**
```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $JWT_TOKEN" \
  "https://ktrlplane.konnektr.io/api/v1/projects/my-project/resources/my-resource/metrics/query_range?query=cpu_usage_percent&start=2025-01-27T10:00:00Z&end=2025-01-27T11:00:00Z&step=15s"
```

## Security & Multi-Tenancy

### RBAC Enforcement
- Users must have `read` permission on the project containing the resource
- Resource access is validated for each request
- Unauthorized requests return `403 Forbidden`

### Automatic Tenant Scoping
- All requests include the `X-Scope-OrgID` header for multi-tenancy
- Tenant ID is set to the project ID for project-level isolation
- Prevents cross-project data access

### Query Filtering
- **Logs**: LogQL queries are automatically prefixed with `{resource_id="resourceId"}`
- **Metrics**: PromQL queries are automatically filtered with `{resource_id="resourceId"}`
- Ensures users only see data from the requested resource

## Configuration

Enable observability backends in your `config.yaml`:

```yaml
observability:
  loki:
    enabled: true
    url: "http://loki-gateway:3100"
  mimir:
    enabled: true
    url: "http://mimir-gateway:8080"
```

## Environment Variables

- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_LOKI_ENABLED`: Enable Loki logging backend
- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_LOKI_URL`: Loki server URL
- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_MIMIR_ENABLED`: Enable Mimir metrics backend
- `KTRLPLANE_OBSERVABILITY_MIMIR_URL`: Mimir server URL

## Error Responses

- `401 Unauthorized`: Missing or invalid authentication token
- `403 Forbidden`: Insufficient permissions to access resource
- `404 Not Found`: Resource not found
- `502 Bad Gateway`: Backend observability service unavailable
- `503 Service Unavailable`: Observability backend not configured

## Backend Integration

The proxy forwards requests to:
- **Loki**: `/loki/api/v1/query_range` endpoint
- **Mimir**: `/prometheus/api/v1/query_range` endpoint

Both backends must support multi-tenancy via the `X-Scope-OrgID` header (set to project ID).
